c:\users\itss-wsc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan\Penjualan\bin\Debug\Penjualan.exe.config
c:\users\itss-wsc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan\Penjualan\bin\Debug\Penjualan.exe
c:\users\itss-wsc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan\Penjualan\bin\Debug\Penjualan.pdb
c:\users\itss-wsc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan\Penjualan\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\itss-wsc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan\Penjualan\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\itss-wsc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan\Penjualan\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\itss-wsc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan\Penjualan\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\itss-wsc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan\Penjualan\obj\Debug\Penjualan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\itss-wsc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan\Penjualan\obj\Debug\Penjualan.frmMain.resources
c:\users\itss-wsc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan\Penjualan\obj\Debug\Penjualan.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\itss-wsc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan\Penjualan\obj\Debug\Penjualan.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\itss-wsc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan\Penjualan\obj\Debug\Penjualan.exe
c:\users\itss-wsc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan\Penjualan\obj\Debug\Penjualan.pdb
C:\Users\ITSS-WSC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan_TC_WSC\Penjualan\bin\Debug\Penjualan.exe.config
C:\Users\ITSS-WSC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan_TC_WSC\Penjualan\obj\Debug\Penjualan.exe
C:\Users\ITSS-WSC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan_TC_WSC\Penjualan\obj\Debug\Penjualan.pdb
C:\Users\ITSS-WSC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan_TC_WSC\Penjualan\bin\Debug\Penjualan.exe
C:\Users\ITSS-WSC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan_TC_WSC\Penjualan\bin\Debug\Penjualan.pdb
C:\Users\ITSS-WSC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan_TC_WSC\Penjualan\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ITSS-WSC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan_TC_WSC\Penjualan\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\ITSS-WSC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan_TC_WSC\Penjualan\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ITSS-WSC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan_TC_WSC\Penjualan\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ITSS-WSC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan_TC_WSC\Penjualan\obj\Debug\Penjualan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ITSS-WSC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan_TC_WSC\Penjualan\obj\Debug\Penjualan.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\ITSS-WSC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan_TC_WSC\Penjualan\obj\Debug\Penjualan.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ITSS-WSC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Penjualan_TC_WSC\Penjualan\obj\Debug\Penjualan.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
